---
title: Assistant Professor of Teaching, Department of Accountancy
author: articleos
date: 2024-12-23 00:14:00 +0300
categories: [Business, Hong Kong]
tags: [accountancy]
image:
  path: /assets/img/images/1.png
  alt: ArticleOS
---

Lingnan University is one of the eight publicly funded institutions in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) and has the longest established tradition among the local institutions of higher education. It is widely recognised for providing quality education with a focus on whole-person development and conducting high-impact research for a better world. Moving forward, Lingnan University is well positioned to take lead as a comprehensive university in arts and sciences in the digital era, with impactful research and innovations.

Lingnan University offers undergraduate, taught postgraduate, and research postgraduate programmes in the Faculties of Arts, Business, Social Sciences, and the Schools of Data Science, Graduate Studies and Interdisciplinary Studies. To foster interdisciplinary collaboration and scientific progress, Lingnan University established the Lingnan University Institute for Advanced Study (LUIAS), attracting distinguished scholars from around the world to collaborate with its faculty and students. With traditional strengths in arts, business, social sciences, and interdisciplinary studies, the University aims to equip students with practical knowledge and critical thinking skills to thrive in the future. Subsequent to the establishment of the School of Data Science and LUIAS, Lingnan University is transforming into a hub for global leaders to develop and promote human-centric technology and social policies. Further information about Lingnan University is available at https://www.ln.edu.hk/.

Applications are now invited for the following posts:

Assistant Professor of Teaching
Department of Accountancy
(Post Ref.: 24/380)


The Department has vacancies for the posts of Assistant Professor of Teaching. The appointees are expected to contribute to high quality teaching.

## General Requirements

Applicants should have a PhD degree in Accountancy or a related discipline and must demonstrate excellent teaching record. The appointees are expected to teach a variety of subjects including law in business and other accounting functional courses, such as managerial and financial accounting. The successful candidates should maintain the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) qualification through producing peer reviewed journal publications or other intellectual contributions, engaging in professional development activities, responsible for curriculum development, and student advising and mentoring. The appointees are also expected to help the Department to maintain good relationship with professional bodies and business, reach out business by knowledge transfer, as well as to liaison with professional bodies to obtain (re)accreditation status of our accounting program(s).

## Appointment

The conditions of appointments will be competitive. The remuneration will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. Fringe benefits include annual leave, medical and dental benefits, mandatory provident fund, gratuity and incoming passage and baggage allowance for the eligible appointees. Appointments will normally be made on a fixed-term contract of up to three years.

## Application Procedure (online application only)

Please click "Apply Now" to submit your application. Applicants shall provide names and contact information of at least three referees to whom applicants’ consent has been given for their providing references. Personal data collected will be used for recruitment purposes only.

We are an equal opportunities employer. Review of applications will continue until the posts are filled. Qualified candidates are advised to submit their applications early for consideration.

The University reserves the right not to make an appointment for the posts advertised, or to fill the posts by invitation or by search. We regret that only shortlisted candidates will be notified.

## Official Web Site

You can copy and paste following link to your browser to apply for this position.

```markdown
https://lingnan.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/4/home/requisition/2524?c=lingnan
```
{: .nolineno}

> If you submit your application for this job, please indicate that you read this job at ArticleOS Job.
{: .prompt-tip }